hey guys I'm with you for advices media
and here is the Plantronics backbeat go
- these are wireless earbuds which i
have been looking forward from for the
past few weeks from when I had actually
experienced the latest ear buds from
plant products and I finally found this
on Flipkart at around 40 200 or
something like that and actually
purchased bit and it's actually having
him up here for on 5990 while the
pricing on Flipkart is actually put it
lower I will give the links and
description area below to know more
about the same so few of the most
important features of this is that it
comes with the 14.5 hours of battery
along with 10 days of standby and it
weighs just putting lamps and the reason
why almost impressed with this was that
it doesn't come with any controller it's
not like your normal headphones wearing
you just have you actually have to
connect it to your smartphone or your
tablet or your audio source these are
just what you see this is what you
finally would actually get just plug in
onto your ears and shut listen to music
and this actually is on the back of your
neck so that's how it works and along
with this it also comes with a small
charging pouch which you see here this
place your device within the charging
pouch and it will start charging the
unit so that is how it actually works
now let me just open up this package and
show you the contents so this is what
you get these are have predict paste
actually I really hope they are actually
comfortable to use but this is what you
get within the film unit and apart from
that once you open up the package
contents you will find a big list of
information booklets so here there is
more information
the back we'd go to in different
languages some safety guidelines and I'm
saying a search and apart from that
there's this adjustment for the best bus
which you can actually use and write out
so let me just open this and show it to
you so here we go there are these four
of different options which you can
select based on what is more convenient
to you here is the micro USB cable again
a different kind of USB cable again it
comes with the Plantronics branding and
again you know at the end it's just the
same micro USB cable which you get on
most of the other devices and here is
the culture so this is a beautiful open
this and here is the cable which you
need to connect to your headphones or
earbuds to charge them and it says that
this is but this is actually the charge
case and this is how you can see the
readings 3reds is actually almost no
battery in three blue is actually the
batteries up so this is what you see it
says it's charges the unit for 20
minutes and you can listen music 15 up
to one hour so and complete charges
around 2.5 hours so that's about the
information around your charging and a
beautiful pouch here it's made of food
quality of material and these are the
actual birds and that's the cable around
it so it's actually pretty small and you
just have to place this on the back of
your neck and start controlling it also
comes with a small controller here to
increase or decrease the audio and it
also works with your smart phones to
actually accept or take calls and it
also comes with microphone as you can
see in the middle of the same so this
was a quick demo and hand sewn on the
plantronics
backbeat go to that's the second
generation model of this unit and I'll
be using it and I'll be tweeting about
this and XP
on the same on my Twitter account set
amid bomani and you can also follow me
on Instagram the links in the
description area below to like this
video and let me know if you have any
queries around this product and I'll be
happy to respond back to you on the same
day subscribe to address s media for
more and I hope to see you in my next
video thank you